Filename: 
=
=
=
=
=
=



I have been to the ‘Anderson mill road phase-1 expansion’ meeting once when the city of cedar park invited me and other residents to tell their concerns. I was hopeful on that day and wrote concern.pdf where I have clearly laid down concerns that I thought to cover at least what I was foreseeing. I am not that hopeful today.


They say: Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.

I am no more than the “fool” they said in that proverb. I still came here because the cost of not doing this meeting is direr than accepting ‘fool’. It may be activism inside me that is telling me to voice my concerns for not just my family, but for others, and for the animals and wildlife which otherwise cannot say or tell anything.



When I was pulled for the first time, it was because the expansion would directly impact me and It did. From the last 1+ yrs I have lost sleep, peace of mind, and more so, have lost health. But this is not the end of it.


When I looked further, and thorough investigation of my own, I found that all of it could have been saved if the city paid some attention to feedback it got from the first meeting, and things can still turn around if I can wake-up someone from the city to take steps.


Over the last 1+ year, I have seen gross negligence on part of not just city engineers, but almost everyone (including city-management, the mayor and his council) and my purpose of meeting with you-all again is to remind you-all about the duty you have towards the city.



[ CITY ENGINEERS ]

  *   The city-engineers have not done any safety calculations for this project even when their own documents suggest that it as a mandatory step, and even after I raised red-flag that doing this is basically paving the road on a null-drawing. All I got in return were arguments that were mere speculation, and not facts and stats. I am now increasingly becoming skeptical that they have ever done it for any public work throughout their career with this city.


Why is the JD (Job Description) of a city engineer? Does the city really need such engineers? and How they are better than any ‘plumber’ who could have executed the project by reading drawings and asking workers to pave the road.




[ CITY MANAGEMENT ]

  *   The city has made the road that is proving hazardous to me and the vegetation on my property. This road is next to the BCCP property. Through an earlier study done by the city, The city was already aware of wildlife and endangered species in the BCCP area, yet they felt that there is no need to take the permits from BCCP or from US fish and wildlife services.


The road is currently paved 1 foot away from BCCP land when AASHTO standards suggest 30 feet distance in a high traffic zone.  Just to let you know: I and others have started seeing the effect of this road on wildlife. The deers, birds, and wildlife that I and other residents used to see have gone down drastically.


I will not be surprised if in the next 10 yrs or so some land mafia may propose to buy this land on the argument that now all the endangered species are extinct, so let's make a multiplex and grocery mart instead, and the city will gladly give them tax break and other goodies in the name of development.



[ WORK ETHICS of OFFICIALS ]


What is the meaning of the word ‘public’ in ‘public sector jobs’ and what is your charter for work-ethics?


I have worked with many elementary schools( as a volunteer) for an extended period of time (6 yrs or so). When you visit any school in the USA, the teachers and volunteers are trained to look for potential problems and report immediately even when it is not really a problem because not reporting can be more painful when real lives matter.


The engineers in this city do want to understand what I am saying. They are essentially corrupt in their minds and are simply supporting each other because that is how they can survive in such situations. Maybe all are part of this.


The mayor and other officials are ready to take up hours and hours of email complaints from me, but will never question the other staff members' work. Officials here (if they can’t act on it themselves) would not even report it further even when the lives of residents, wildlife and travelers may be at risk. To me, the elementary school teachers and volunteers are doing a better job of holding work ethics than officials here.


Ask yourself: Did your duty to ‘public’ genuinely solve problems for the public or is it just a feeding ground for land-mafias?



In the name of development, the city has cheated with lives in my family, with other residents who are not a fool-enough like me to report it (or they got tired), with the disabled wildlife who cannot represent themselves, and with every student, joggers, and other pedestrian for years to come.

            You may call this city - cedar park, but to me, it is  'cheaters park'.



