Filename: 
sorry I sent an email too soon. I wanted to add this

There were some end-results from the communication with some teams (though not very fruitful)
[1]  BCCP recently wrote to me that the city has worked in their capacity to expand and have not done any wrongdoing when expanding the road. Nothing about permits was communicated.
[2]  TBPE reported that they cannot act on city P.E engineers as they are outside their investigation purview.
[3]  In response to an email to City compliance, the city pushed me to the police dept for noise and pollution complaints.
[4]  Engineers have verbally confessed that the safety on the property is less than other 9 properties. and without commitment said If they have resources then they may try to fix things.



---
Best Regards,
Sandeep Kalra



On Tue, Sep 21, 2021 at 1:12 PM Sandeep Kalra <sandeep.kalra@gmail.com<mailto:sandeep.kalra@gmail.com>> wrote:
To: Office of Environmental Justice:

Dear Sir/Madam:

I am not sure if I am reaching out to the right people that can act in any capacity to help me. Please reply back if this is wrong group to ask for help.

Background:
This is the background: In 2017 my city(City of Cedar Park TX) decided to hurry up and expand a road next to my home for giving benefits to other towns and potentially sell land at higher value to suiter companies such as Amazon and HEB. In doing so, they violated many city ordinances such as (a) did not take permits with Balcones Canyonland(BCCP, a federal body) to expand the road next to wildlife, (b) Engineers did not do safety studies, nor did they followed TXDOT guidances to take permits (c) Licensed Engineers did not submit any calculations for the project. But being part of the city these all kind of let go when I approached TBPE and BCCP.

Impact:
It has also negatively impacted many residents, and one primarily family is mine as our family was the only 1 out of 10 impacted to not even receive any safety barriers, and the road was brought nearest to my home (it sits just 10 to 11 ft away from property line) with just a walkway in between. I have also seen deterioration in quality of air, and all vegetation being killed that I planted.

Concerns:
I would also like to say that I voiced my concerns in writing even before the project started because I was seeing this coming. We all know that the city pushed the road on our side because it lost in negotiations with BCCP to acquire a road to expand on the other side. I am also attaching with the concerns.pdf that I posted to the city.

Communication:
I have written numerous emails to the city, their engineering, and their compliance department to conduct tests and verify the noise levels and pollution levels inside my property boundary both in the back and front side but have been redirected from one place to another because they know that it will not give them the right results and may put them in fix.

I have more than 20+ MB of email communication in last 4 yrs that I can share via google drive. I have communicated with B.C.C.P, T.B.P.E, H.O.A, City Compliance team, City Attorneys, City Engineerings, City Mayor, City  council, and various local news papers. I have even raised concern in Williamson county property court to the county judges.

City engineers have "on record" mentioned in email that they do not do any calculations nor mandate one from the PE engineers who do design planning. I further went to the PE that did the design and he was indeed missing all calculations (again I have written proof of it all).
Many of the other roads here are with similar problems. In my city another road "Lakeline road" has undergone improvements with a lot of similar hue and cry such as mine and when there are accidents and loss of life then city comes in and add a bandaid speeding meter or red-light. I am not sure how is this normal.

You all:
*Ref1:http://www.183north.com/005_183N%20Community%20Impact%20Assessment%20Tech%20Report.pdf
Recently I came across this web report*(Ref1) that probably makes me qualify as person from "minority group" as I am from India and actually out of 10 families impacted, 4 are from india and one is a LGBTQ couple, so we are all kind of minority and want to see if Office of Environmental Justice can help me with this.

I do not know what to do next other than emailing and asking for help.

---
Best Regards,
Sandeep Kalra

PS:
[1] I am not a native english speaker, so pardon if there are grammar mistakes or things that you fail to understand. I will try my best to clarify again if there is something that is not clear.
[2] In 2022, President Biden is rolling out infrastructure bill and will do road expansion. I plan to raise my voice in international forums once more if the engineers and compliance people from Texas are going to join because I genuinely believe that they will not a justice to service of America.

